Arena: 
    The battlefield is a square with a side of 1 Km (1000 meters). When a robot hits the walls of this square, it earns 2 damage points out of a total amount of 100 and the engine stops. It's not the worst thing, but it's not a good one, so avoid the walls of the battlefield. When a robot reaches 100 damage points, it's disabled and loses the game.µ
Matches:
    There are three types of play:
    Single Match: Two robots fight one against the other.
	Single 4 Match: Four team of one robot each fight one against all the others.
    Double Match: Two couples of robots fight one against the other. This type of play is more difficult than the previous because it's not simple to distinguish the friend from the enemies.
	Double 4 Match: Four team of 2 robots each fight one against all the others.
    Team Match: Four team of eight robots each fight one against all the others.
    All matches last for 180 seconds. The robot or the team that disables all the other robots in the battlefield wins.
Engine
    Robots have an engine and they can run everywhere in the battlefield. The maximum speed of the robots is 30 m/s (meters per second), i.e. 100 Km/h, and the acceleration is 5 m/s2. This means that a robot needs six seconds to reach the maximum speed.
    When the engine has 0% power, the robot stops with a deceleration of 5 m/s2, while a 100% power gives the maximum speed.
    When a robot hits the walls, the engine reaches 0% power and speed suddenly falls to 0 m/s.
Cannon
    Robots have a cannon. This cannon fires missiles. The robot can point the cannon all around and can fire all the missiles it wants, but there is a reload time of 1 second.
Missiles
    Missiles have a range of 700 meters and a speed of 300 m/s, so they need 2 seconds and a third to reach the maximum range. The speed of the missile is independent from the speed of the robot, so it's always 300 m/s. When a missile explodes, it gives damage points to all the robots nearby (remember that 100 damage points disable a robot). Damage points depend on the distance of the robot from the explosion. This is the correspondence
    5 meters 10 damage points
    20 meters 5 damage points
    40 meters 3 damage points
    If a robot fires a missile within a circle of 5 meters radius, it gives itself 10 damage points, so it's better to fire the missiles far away.
Scanner
    Robots use a scanner to find other robots. It scans the battlefield with a resolution from 1 to 20 degrees. Scanning the battlefield, the robot receives the distance of the nearest robot (both friend or enemy) or zero if there is no one in that sector.

How To code a robot:
One must add a reference to SDK
Then create a new class inherited from SDK.Robot
And implement 2 methods: 
	Init: called when the robot is created
	Step: called periodically (every 25ms)